 Hawt Yoga

Having an understanding of friendship is kind of nice, I broke my wrist once and I had someone there for me. We were on the east coast, and had a nice talk about the west coast, where I now call my home. I found some time to write this yoga style because I broke my wrist and had to get stitched up, and this friend provided a nice environment for me to take my sutures out. We celebrated many times, he even bestowed a teaching on me called "the white room". I have been inspired by him ever since, and yeah he is related to the word "Hawt" but his many gifts to me work more than having a manic episode about visiting with him or intruding on his life capacity and journey. The teachings brought me to writing this yoga piece.

In working for the city, in all different positions and times for serving, I found there are alot of remedies and functions of botanical and flowering plants, and from the knowledge I have about sure ways of listening and true livening, I wanting to bring all of these teachings to life not only as a fellow student, but as a friend to the Hawt ways, like a guru or a shaman. This method is fun and there are deep living facts that are in the motioning to resolve a figuring that knowledge grows and has it's ways with strong developments, and commercial operations, devoted to the Hawthorne Berry.

I have a lot of confidence that this particular style of Trees Naturals Yoga will activate sure ways of being natural and feel that you are worth the bestowing of whatever your life has found, and in practicing this yoga you will feel like you have revealed a sense of nature that is for the proclamation of the beginner's mind and in the facts of interest, be able to generate opinions that can help with your day to day operations, such as what to buy for beauty or allure, and what to get for the upkeep of your looks and your maintenance. It is the natural selection that will find you dreaming about pampering as a whole routine, and you will be more prone to making options for yourself so that what you choose generates the right mood to stay "Hawt" or patterned as a forge of nature. Hawt yoga, a true natural activations.



1. Cash Advance Pose- turn stand head

2. Bepun Pose- tall crawl with bottom down

3. Coroll Pose- wide stance split somersault

4. Filldo Pose- straight lunge grip at side

5. Gingic Pose- thrust bow

6. Lafel Pose- hands cocked straight stance

7. Minosing Pose- head body sit ground hand behind back

8. Bird Food Pose- over straddle body to face one hand

9. Imiwich Pose- weenus ground childs

10. Pickee Pose- one foot in front other bent over to toe

11. Hot Arro Pose- stand behind head other hand ext 

12. Nanoo Pose- legs folded with body on ground

13. Deer Food Pose- spirit fingers close to head dip

14. Syrtural Pose- looking at hand in forward lunge

15. Hot Dog Pose- downward dog jump up clap

16. Surf and Surf Pose- down push up, jump twice up surf

17. Bacuome Pose- lotus reach out on nose to floor

18. Green Pose- liberty pose with hands up.

19. Routed Pose- lay with legs crunched in

20. Melon SIde Pose- hold ball lay leg straight to ball

21. Mini Perf Pose- one arm up in straight stance

22. Green Tea Pose- hands on top butt alt stomp

23. Earth Pudding Pose- seat with holding cup

24. Meadri Pose- own sukahsana with hands up R the way

25. Raita Quad Pose- squat lunge hands in front

26. Glubag Pose- straddle twist hand land on leg

27. Beauty Buns- cat cow extend hand and arm

28. Cupcake Pose- head on ground dog

29. Hot Cocoa Pose- arm one on hip jump straddle straight

30. Patty Pose- back hand on grow knees under but

31. Vegger Pose- tense pin need lay down

32. Every Pose- side lunge front body both arms down spin finger

33. Tango Pose- rose in mouth one leg up lay dow

34. Stir Fry Pose- elbows upside 2 side up and down squat

35. Soul Rolls Pose- stand hand, roll same as hand before

36. Baffles- swast switch leg lunges hand behind neck

37. Cheesecake Pose- from squat to the sky hands on hips

38. Anti Fungal Pose- heel toe standing

39. Macaroni Blondie Pose- Touch hand to hand behind back

40. Urban Fondue Pose- tip toe spin 2 straight hand

41. Worn Pose- cross hunch over in squat arms under feet

42. Amale Pose- on ground lay and side to side and belly

43. Colada Pose- hand under hands extend to extend tree one sided

44. Saldyn Pose- one arm body side plank

45. Daguiri Pose- straight arm dip straight 2 straddle

46. Dumpling Pose- rock squat hand behind head

47. Perogi Pose- one side touch ground in praywer

48. Canto Leaf Pose- caught hands face ot knee

49. Passion Pose- Star stretch behind body

50. Mars Pose- arms moved to the side

51. Soce Pose- lotus with hands in pinch

52. Fried Pose- head then out with ah of mouth 

53. Rose Ice Pose- thigh seated cross hand behind

54. Toast Pose- butterfly square arm head touch knee

55. Nelly Pose- feed heart straddle

56. Pauna Pose- lay down on bellly hands under chin

57. 

58. Caesar Pose- straddle kneel namaste

59. Coice Pose- bent knee sitting wrist on one side

60. Double Pose- with partner plank

61. Super Bologna Pose- wave standing hands by side

62. Boopick Pose- raise hands in stance

63. Olive Bread Pose- hands around knees sitting

64. Red Hendrix Pose- squat leg turn head hands behind head

65. Natural Pose- hand to toe straddle around the rainbow

66. Amch Pose- liberty irish fists

67. Fish Pose- leg over arm lunge

68. Moazill Pose- arms x bend over

69. Milk Pose- let look forward loose shoulders bend

70. Tap Pose- smack knee alt standing on let

71. Scramble Pose- cross legs, back namaste.



So this is a welcoming style of yoga to participate in how your activations and you improve with your life through vital increases and structures of your practice. The real feeling of doing this yoga many times will have you functioning with key vital components of your nature, and there is a feeling that you can recieve some gifts from nature and in all of the reasons to structure this practice, you really must bestow a teaching on someone and feel that they have deeply constructed and placed your cures in there value pack. It is all a value pack at Trees Naturals Yoga.
