 Mocassin Yoga

I have this greater intution of the great water mocassin snake. It used to live down the street from my house and there are ways to be near it, but it will bite you. I was talking to a friend down the street about a babysitting job, and we sat there and the area was next to the lake with the snake. I used to see it in my dreams, and the area is so beautiful with a natural rock bench and beautiful trees, just sneak in a have a drink or a joint. But the point is me an my friend were talking and were on, and I totally clocked out days later and forgot to call her back. Maybe the snake influenced me.

So this style of yoga is just about when you have a in person talk, and don't go through with the deals or offers that were arrived. It has a magnificence called "things change" or "things keep moving" and you get busy and think that there are other things to do, it just means there might be a safety there because when you are talking about doing something for someone, it says whether or not it got done, and you just sort of laugh saying "oh yeah, I was going to do that". These are the moments in life that keep us going, that you could have got the "not completed" message when you were actually talking to the person, and you made it nice and formidable to not bother the person, or blow your cover that you didn't get the activity done, you make yourself as delivery for comfort or warmth, that because your warm that they think the task will happen, and because you were jolly, nice and considerate, they laugh too and say "no sweat".

This is a good subject to do yoga around, because this sequence of not carrying through with the task could happen again, or you will think a little more broadly about how you want to be more responsible and caring, or want to fulfill someone's task, thinking of all the things to do, who are you going to talk to. What jobs do you want to do, or will you ever miss a call again? Just a time to rephrase what you are saying and how to get this feeling that you are a manager and you can make time more and more enjoyable and what of the future will be the same way. When it happens to you, you will have good sleep and a nice practice. 

These are the yoga poses for Moccasin yoga, and you can use the Trees Naturals Flows Page to alternate or change the sequence of poses.

1. Cothie Pose, sitting arms above head.

2. Naimenhe Pose, triangle standing.

3. Hecuit Pose- splits at sudden.

4. Fleravy Pose- the body up with two hands up.

5. Manosla Pose- sukhasana with alter nose

6. Pledehi Pose- sitting high kick

7. Heese Pose- half pigeon with leg out on side

8. Keatsegro Pose- lunge with hand on knee

9. Hethie Pose- Lunge with head on ground hands arm on side.

10. Trizple Full Pose- back bend with one leg up

11. Osau Pose- clap and center stretch

12. Conee Pose- holding leg by groin tree

13. Ganan Pose- star of body standing.

14. Trenola Pose- medium squat with arm to catch

15. Coaf Pose- holding belly leaning forward fold.

16. Riveat Pose- stand straddle lean forward

17. Flowtea Pose- squat leg on other in namaste.

18. Herst Pose- up over shoulder focus in high grab.

19. Hehe Jelly Pose- stand hands on top of head.

20. Whicre Pose- side lunge with hand pointed at you 

21. Flitte Pose- one food in front of other hip

22. Conroi Pose- straddle stand looking at sky

23. Choke Pose- standing stradle grab neck

24. Numay Pose- behind back namaste pose

25. Wed Up Pose- sitting lotus picked up arms in back

26. Resets Pose- butterfly with head 2 toes.

27. Hemard Pose- hands on shoulder lunge

28. Magic Mon Pose- knee up leg out straight arm

29. Soda Pose- sukasana with fist on fist

30. Lairs Pose- straight touch toes

31. Zonill Pose- like a superman.

32. Wamp Pose- opposite backbend

33. Critoa Pose- Shingled legs bend forward

34. Ciagan Pose- back bend prep

35. Melo Pose- standing touch toes

36. Ri Ri Ro Pose- side plank hand up

37. Ruffrai Pose- straddle hands on nose

38. Puci Pose- one sided leg stretch

39. UFU pose- cross leg extend head back

40. Aspea Pose- lay on belly opposite

41. Shmassert Pose- on floor one knee lay out on

42. Tellee Pose- inversion with hand on calf

43. Arreed Pose- butterfly reading

44. Bocho Pose- bow with face front

45. Suchai Pose- Toe of scale standing

46. Crepinach Pose- holding a block under the neck

47. Ints Pose- thrust in side to side hip straddle

48. Apousse Pose- lotus with hands behind head

49. Eudel Pose- side with leg high

50. Lila pose- ass in air with hand in grasp front

51. Nanco Pose- butterfly rise arm side extend arm

52. Nut Butteer Pose- frog with rise butt

53. Violiut Pose- Hair down forward bend 

54. Tuna Pose- butterfly sky arm stretch

55. Adsprou Pose- Down touch together squat

56. Spud Water Kicked Pose- one leg lunge high kick

57. Marma Mint Pose- nose to knee one side leg

58. Scoops Pose- arms face up squat

59. Chiba Pose- Stand squat arms straight by ears

60. Bamad Pose- forward bend arm around neck on ground

61. Ganog pose- closed fist of side with strong go down

62. Sagha Pose- side hands on ground

63. Lettew Pose- squat to stand clap

64. Trees Real Pose- squat with arms out BOP hands

65. Andeepp Pose- like a puship

66. Bon Bon Pose- square standing

67. Somi Pose- hands on hop sitting

68. Cursmoo Pose- tongue out lotus

69. Nes Pose- covered face lunge hand on black

70. Weibet Pose- anchor straddle forward stretch

71. Sormon Pose- on back knees up from heal to belly.

There are afterthoughts...

These poses might induce patterns of getting away from the snake or running from the snake or how the snake got there, you just remember having a nice conversation about a potential job and then say you had to transmit a message to yourself that it actually didn't go through, you didn't call back for some reason which was okay with all parties because your still connected and the moral of the message is that sometimes you talk to someone and not go through with what you said, and this may be the saving grace to deadly animals. 
